README.md, before:

rust-plantronics
================

This is just a little toy project that'll connect to plantronics hub
and pull the mute status. It currently writes to a [tasmota REST API](https://github.com/arendst/Sonoff-Tasmota) 
on an [Sonoff S26 IoT plug](https://www.itead.cc/sonoff-s26-wifi-smart-plug.html)
to mute or unmute an "on the air" sign like this one: 
[On Air Sign: Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/LB480-On-Air-Recording-Studio-NEW-NR-LED-Neon-Light-Sign-home-decor-crafts/1000006552370.html).

The end result is...

![Animated](https://i.imgur.com/msRk3HK.gif)

Note; plantronics hub REST api is kinda crusty. Structures are not
easily coerced into static types (ie: isError adds a field, but the 
result is either empty or missing, but not consistently).


```
rust-plantronics 0.0.1
Derek Anderson <derek@armyofevilrobots.com>
Monitors state of a plantronics headset and sends events to various endpoints.

USAGE:
    rust-plantronics [OPTIONS] --tasmota <tasmota>

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -V, --version    Prints version information

OPTIONS:
    -c, --config <FILE>        Sets a custom config file
    -T, --tasmota <tasmota>    The destination url for the tasmota rest api (http://sonoff-on-air.local/)
    -u, --url <url>            The BaseURL of the plantronics API (http://localhost:32017/)
```

Commit message:

Various fixes:
 - The sign would get stuck after the mac slept sometimes. I think
 this was because the session would time out. No good. To fix, we
 just check how long it slept during the delay loop. and restart
 if it's tool long.
 - Also check if there is an error pulling results from either the
 Tasmota or the plantronics API, and restart the loop in either case.
 - Update the README.md
 - And finally, add pretty-pretty logging output.

README.md, after:

rust-plantronics
================

Y'know when you walk away from the meeting you're currently in (not that I'd EVER be that irresponsible... ahem). 
And then you're running the coffee machine, grinding the beans, clanking around gently swearing to yourself
about running low on sugar, or finding your favourite mug, when...

> Hey, could whoever that is mute?!

They're feigning polite, but you're not fooled. They know exactly who was making the noise. 
There's a little "This jerk is making noise" indicator
right there in the meeting software, beside _YOUR_ name.

If only you had some wireless magic sign to let you know when you forgot to mute!

## TADA!!!

This is just a little toy project that'll connect to plantronics hub
and pull the mute status. It currently writes to a [tasmota REST API](https://github.com/arendst/Sonoff-Tasmota) 
on an [Sonoff S26 IoT plug](https://www.itead.cc/sonoff-s26-wifi-smart-plug.html)
to mute or unmute an "on the air" sign like this one: 
[On Air Sign: Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/LB480-On-Air-Recording-Studio-NEW-NR-LED-Neon-Light-Sign-home-decor-crafts/1000006552370.html).

The end result is...

![Animated](https://i.imgur.com/msRk3HK.gif)

Note; plantronics hub REST api is kinda crusty. Structures are not
easily coerced into static types (ie: isError adds a field, but the 
result is either empty or missing, but not consistently).


```
rust-plantronics 0.0.1
Derek Anderson <derek@armyofevilrobots.com>
Monitors state of a plantronics headset and sends events to various endpoints.

USAGE:
    rust-plantronics [OPTIONS] --tasmota <tasmota>

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -V, --version    Prints version information

OPTIONS:
    -c, --config <FILE>        Sets a custom config file
    -T, --tasmota <tasmota>    The destination url for the tasmota rest api (http://sonoff-on-air.local/)
    -u, --url <url>            The BaseURL of the plantronics API (http://localhost:32017/)
```
